Easy:
Find the maximum element in an array. - Done
Remove duplicates from a sorted array. - Using 2 pointer approach Done
Rotate array by k steps. - Done
Check if array is sorted and rotated. - Done
Find the second largest element in an array. - Done
Merge two sorted arrays.
Find the intersection of two arrays.-Done
Move zeroes to the end. - Done
Find the missing number from an array of 1 to n.
Find all pairs with a given sum. - Done


Medium:
Find the subarray with the given sum. - Done
Kadane’s algorithm for the largest sum subarray. - Done
Sort an array of 0s, 1s, and 2s (Dutch National Flag problem).-Done
Longest consecutive sequence. - Try to use 2 pointer - Done
Find all triplets with a sum equal to zero. - Done
Find the smallest subarray with a sum greater than x. - Done
Find the majority element in an array. - Done
Binary search in a rotated sorted array.
Count inversions in an array. - sorting algo problem
Merge intervals. - Done with list and linkedlist


Hard:
Find the minimum in a rotated sorted array. - Done
Longest increasing subsequence (LIS). - To be solved in DP
Trapping Rain Water. - Done
Median of two sorted arrays. - Done
Product of array except self.
Maximal rectangle in a binary matrix.
Sliding window maximum.
Find the first missing positive integer. -  Done
Find all unique quadruplets that sum to a target.
Largest rectangle in histogram.


Sliding Window (Various Difficulty):

Maximum sum of a subarray of size k.
Smallest window that contains all characters of a given string.
Minimum window substring.
Longest substring with at most two distinct characters.
Length of the longest substring without repeating characters.
Find the longest subarray of 1s after deleting one element.
Find the maximum number of vowels in a substring of given length.
Count occurrences of anagrams in a string.
Longest repeating character replacement.
Minimum number of flips to make binary string alternating.
Advanced Problems (Combination of Array, Binary Search, DP, and Others):
Jump Game II (minimum number of jumps to reach the end).
Best time to buy and sell stock (multiple times).
Maximum product subarray.
Find the kth largest element in an unsorted array.
Longest mountain in an array.
Maximum sum increasing subsequence.
Count smaller numbers after self (using Fenwick Tree or Binary Indexed Tree).
Find the peak element in an array.
Maximum sum of two non-overlapping subarrays.
Candy problem (distribute candies to minimize unfairness).